Review / restructure source maps content. (#3693)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/sourcemaps/generate/javascript.mdx

```javascript {filename:webpack.config.js}
const SentryWebpackPlugin = require("@sentry/webpack-plugin");

module.exports = {
  // other webpack configuration
  devtool: 'source-map',
  plugins: [
    new SentryWebpackPlugin({
      // sentry-cli configuration
      authToken: process.env.SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN,
      org: "___ORG_SLUG___",
      project: "___PROJECT_SLUG___",
      release: process.env.SENTRY_RELEASE,

      // webpack-specific configuration
      include: ".",
      ignore: ["node_modules", "webpack.config.js"],
    }),
  ],
};
```

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

You don't need to install the Webpack plugin if you are using Sentry's Next.JS SDK because the SDK automatically handles and uploads your source maps without requiring any configuration. 

If you want to extend the default Next.JS SDK configuration, you can refer [here](/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/manual-setup/).

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript.vue"]}>

In Vue 2.x, you should use `vue.config.js` instead of `webpack.config.js`, and use `include: "./dist"` instead of `include: "."`

</PlatformSection>

<Note>

> Set up the Webpack plugin as the last running plugin; otherwise, the resulting source maps the plugin receives may not be the final one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up the Webpack plugin as the last running plugin; otherwise, the source maps the plugin receives may not be the final ones.
```

</Note>

### Advanced Usage

If you prefer to upload source maps manually, configure Webpack to output source maps:

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/sourcemaps/tools/webpack/advanced-usage" />

If you use [SourceMapDevToolPlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/source-map-dev-tool-plugin) for more fine-grained control of source map generation, turn off `noSources` so Sentry can display proper source code context in event stack traces.

> Additionally, the Webpack plugin will automatically set `window.SENTRY_RELEASE`, so your `Sentry.init` call will not need to be updated.

Reviewer: Moved above, since it's not part of advanced usage.

```suggestion
```

## Rollup

> You can configure Rollup to generate source maps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/) to generate source maps, which you can then [upload using `sentry-cli`](/product/cli/releases/#sentry-cli-sourcemaps):
```

```javascript {filename:rollup.config.js}
export default {
  entry: "./src/app.js",
  output: {
    file: "bundle.js",
    format: "cjs",
    sourceMap: true,
  },
};
```

> <PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>
> 
> ## SystemJS
> 
> SystemJS is the default module loader for Angular 2 projects. The [SystemJS build tool](https://github.com/systemjs/builder) can be used to bundle, transpile, and minify source code for use in production environments, and can be configured to output source maps.
> 
> ```javascript
> builder.bundle("src/app.js", "dist/app.min.js", {
>   minify: true,
>   sourceMaps: true,
>   sourceMapContents: true,
> });
> ```
> 
> <Note>
> 
> This example configuration will inline your original, un-transformed source code into the generated source map file. Sentry requires both source map(s) **and** your original source files to perform reverse transformations. If you choose NOT to inline your source files, you must make those source files available to Sentry _in addition_ to your source maps (see below).
> 
> </Note>
> 
> </PlatformSection>

Reviewer: Got rid of the platform section (since nextjs shouldn't have this page at all) and took out the blurb about SystemJS. (See notes about both of these in previous comments.)

NB: Also see note above re: backticks.

```suggestion
## SystemJS

[SystemJSl](https://github.com/systemjs/builder) can be configured to output source maps, which you can then [upload using `sentry-cli`](/product/cli/releases/#sentry-cli-sourcemaps):

```javascript
builder.bundle("src/app.js", "dist/app.min.js", {
  minify: true,
  sourceMaps: true,
  sourceMapContents: true,
});
// TODO: uncomment the backticks below
// ```

<Note>

This example configuration will inline your original, un-transformed source code into the generated source map file. Sentry requires both source map(s) **and** your original source files to perform reverse transformations. If you choose NOT to inline your source files, you must make those source files available to Sentry _in addition_ to your source maps (see below).

</Note>
```

## TypeScript

> The TypeScript compiler can output source maps. Configure the `sourceRoot` property to `/` to strip the build path prefix from generated source code references. This allows Sentry to match source files relative to your source root folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) compiler can output source maps, which you can then [upload using `sentry-cli`](/product/cli/releases/#sentry-cli-sourcemaps). 

Configure the `sourceRoot` property to `/` to strip the build path prefix from generated source code references. This allows Sentry to match source files relative to your source root folder:
```

```javascript {filename:tsconfig.json}
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "sourceMap": true,
    "inlineSources": true,
    "sourceRoot": "/"
  }
}
```

> <PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>
> 
> ## UglifyJS
> 
> UglifyJS is a popular tool for minifying your source code for production. It can dramatically reduce the size of your files by eliminating whitespace, rewriting variable names, removing dead code branches, and more.
> 
> <Note>
> 
> We strongly encourage you to use a higher level bundler (or transpiler) as UglifyJS configuration can get quite complicated to achieve the desired results.
> 
> </Note>
> 
> If you are using UglifyJS to minify your source code, the following command will additionally generate a source map that maps the minified code back to the original source:
> 
> ```bash
> uglifyjs app.js \
>   -o app.min.js.map \
>   --source-map url=app.min.js.map,includeSources
> ```
> 
> </PlatformSection>

Reviewer: Got rid of the platform section (since nextjs shouldn't have this page at all) and took out the blurb about Uglify. (See notes about both of these in previous comments.)

NB: Also see note above re: backticks.

```suggestion
## UglifyJS

<Note>

We strongly encourage you to use a higher-level bundler (or transpiler), as UglifyJS configuration can get quite complicated and it is difficult to achieve the desired results.

</Note>

[UglifyJS](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS) can be configured to output source maps, which you can then [upload using `sentry-cli`](/product/cli/releases/#sentry-cli-sourcemaps):

```bash
uglifyjs app.js \
  -o app.min.js.map \
  --source-map url=app.min.js.map,includeSources
// TODO: uncomment the backticks below
// ```
```

Most modern JavaScript transpilers support source maps. Below are instructions for some common tools.

## Webpack

<Note>

If you are using webpack in your application, this is the recommended way to integrate your source maps with Sentry.

</Note>

Webpack is a powerful build tool that resolves, bundles, and compresses your JavaScript modules. It also supports various _loaders_ to transpile higher-level languages, reference stylesheets, or include static assets.

> Sentry provides a convenient [Webpack plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin) that configures source maps and uploads them to Sentry during the build.

Author: @PeloWriter, IMO, this might create an impression that our plugin handles compression/bundling etc. while Webpack itself does them.

This process is an example of how to generate and upload your sources:

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

```shell {tabTitle:npm}
npm install --save-dev @sentry/webpack-plugin
```

```shell {tabTitle:yarn}
yarn add --dev @sentry/webpack-plugin
```

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>
<Note>

If you’ve installed the Next.js SDK, you don’t have to install the plugin.

</Note>
</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

> You may configure [sentry-cli](/product/cli/configuration/) through it's documented mechanisms, or instead simply bind required parameters when initializing the plugin:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may configure [Sentry CLI](/product/cli/configuration/) through it's documented mechanisms, or instead simply bind required parameters when initializing the plugin:
```

If you use [SourceMapDevToolPlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/source-map-dev-tool-plugin) for more fine-grained control of source map generation, turn off `noSources` so Sentry can display proper source code context in event stack traces.

Additionally, the Webpack plugin will automatically set `window.SENTRY_RELEASE`, so your `Sentry.init` call will not need to be updated.

## Rollup

> Rollup can be configured to generate source maps with the configuration below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure Rollup to generate source maps:
```

```javascript {filename:rollup.config.js}
export default {
  entry: "./src/app.js",
  output: {
    file: "bundle.js",
    format: "cjs",
    sourceMap: true
  }
};
```

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

## SystemJS

SystemJS is the default module loader for Angular 2 projects. The [SystemJS build tool](https://github.com/systemjs/builder) can be used to bundle, transpile, and minify source code for use in production environments, and can be configured to output source maps.

```javascript
builder.bundle("src/app.js", "dist/app.min.js", {
  minify: true,
  sourceMaps: true,
  sourceMapContents: true,
});
```

<Note>

> The example configuration above will inline your original, un-transformed source code into the generated source map file. Sentry requires both source map(s) **and** your original source files to perform reverse transformations. If you choose NOT to inline your source files, you must make those source files available to Sentry in _addition_ to your source maps (see below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example configuration above will inline your original, un-transformed source code into the generated source map file. Sentry requires both source map(s) **and** your original source files to perform reverse transformations. If you choose NOT to inline your source files, you must make those source files available to Sentry _in addition_ to your source maps.
```
